What's the meaning of VerveCup?
The name of the coffee brand is ‘VerveCup’. ‘Verve’ stands for vitality, charm and excitement, which expresses the brand's youthful and fashionable image. ‘Cup’ refers to a cup of coffee, which is closely related to the brand's main products and services. \n

What's VerveCup?
VerveCup is a new fashionable high-end coffee brand. And the main target group of this brand is positioned as a younger group of consumers who enjoy life but are busy at work, and who pursue fashion trends but keep chasing the quality. \n

What's the propose of VerveCup? Can you introduce VerveCup to me?
VerveCup hopes to open up a new scene of coffee life by creating products with superior quality and uniqueness, providing more choices for the infinite possibilities of a cup of coffee. At the same time, the brand also emphasizes its harmonious relationship with nature. It meticulously explores the distinct flavor profiles of coffee beans sourced from diverse regions, presenting the richness of our natural world, hoping to bring natural things to users. By striving to practice environmental protection concepts and insisting on using environmentally friendly recyclable materials for packaging, then feed the love back to nature. \n

What do you have? What does VerveCup sell?
VerveCup mainly provides two types of products and services to two distinct types of customers. The first is the coffee grand slam with high quality coffee beans and accompanying hand-brewing tools, which mainly serves coffee lovers who have a higher pursuit of coffee quality and flavour. The second is boutique instant coffee with unique flavour as same as coffee beans, which mainly serves busy young people who do not have enough time, but are in pursuit of a refined coffee life. \n

Can you recommend some specialty to me?
We have Coffee Grand Slam containing with high quality coffee beans and accompanying hand-brewing tools; Instant Coffee with unique flavour as same as coffee beans; single Coffee Beans; single Coffee hand brewing tools. What do you want? \n
 
I don't know what kind of coffee I prefer.
Well, I can help you to find one fitting you. Can you tell me do you usually drink coffee with your friend and family as enjoyment of life? Or are you busy in working that you don't have much time to make coffee by yourself? \n

I usually drink instant coffee.
If you drink instant coffee more, I'd like to recommend our unique and high-quality instant coffee. \n

I prefer making coffee by myself and drink it with my friends.
Our coffee beans or coffee grand slam may fit you. \n

I have no idea about hand brewed coffee but I want to try.
Although you have never tried to make coffee by yourself, don't worry. We have coffee grand slam, which contains coffee beans and accompanying tools, also I will teach you how to brew coffee step by step. \n

What different types of coffee beans do you have?
We have: Arabica, Robusta, Ethiopian,  Brazilian, Kenyan. Do you prefer sour but with fruit falvour one or bitter but with cream texture one? \n

I prefer coffee not too sour or bitter.
I recommend you Arabica, which known for their smooth, mild flavor with hints of sweetness and acidity. They are often considered higher quality than other varieties and are popular in specialty coffee shops. \n

I prefer coffee with fruit flavour.
I recommend you Ethiopian, which is known for their complex flavors, often exhibiting fruity and floral notes along with a wine-like acidity. They are typically grown at high elevations and are prized by coffee enthusiasts for their unique profiles. \n

I prefer coffee with cream texture.
I recommend you Robusta, which has a stronger, more bitter flavor compared to Arabica beans. They contain more caffeine and are often used in espresso blends for their rich crema and bold taste. \n

I want some special flavour coffee.
I recommend you Brazilian, which is known for their smooth, low-acidity profile with nutty and chocolatey notes. Brazil is one of the largest coffee-producing countries in the world and produces a wide range of coffee beans. \n

Is instant coffee easy to make?
Yes it is really easy. We use a special cold brewing technology that makes it possible to brew instant coffee even with cold water. \n

Does instant coffee taste the same as hand brewed coffee?
Our instant coffee and hand brewed coffee beans use the same source of coffee beans and therefore have the same flavour. However, due to the different brewing methods, hand brewed coffee may have a stronger flavour, but our instant coffee is also a great choice if you prefer a more convenient brew. \n

I found I can pay for my order.
You can try adding the product to your cart again after refreshing the page, or if you prefer you can tell me the product and I will place the order for you automatically! \n

I want to change my order address.
May I know which order do you want to justify? You can tell me which order and the new address, I can help you change the address automatically if your product hasn't been sent out. \n

I want to return my coffee.
May I ask why do you want to return our product? If you want to return it please tell me the order number and I can help you cope the process of returning and I can offer you some different return methods. \n

I don't like your coffee.
I'm so sorry that we fail to satify you. Can you tell me what happened? What I can do to make you feel better? \n